[DOCS-8539] Add note to OP linux instructions (#24574)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/install_worker/linux_rpm.md

1. Click **Select API key** to choose the Datadog API key you want to use.
1. Run the one-step command provided in the UI to re-install the Worker.

>     **Note**: If you want to update the environment variables, you need to update them in the `/etc/default/observability-pipelines-worker` file, and then restart the Worker. Running the one-step command does not update the environment variables in that file.

Author: ```suggestion
    **Note**: The environment variables used by the Worker in `/etc/default/observability-pipelines-worker` are not updated on subsequent runs of the install script. If changes are needed, update the file manually and restart the Worker.
```
